Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
Where are you?
This is the third time
you stood me up.
This was supposed to be settled
weeks ago.
You know. either you make good
on your promise.
or I assure you I will make
good on mine.
Clinton.
Lucia.
Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to interrupt.
My sister.
Just confirming weekend
dinner plans.
I'm glad I caught you
before you left.
The reporter from The Tribune
will be here at 1:00 tomorrow.
and I've assured him you'll be
on site to answer any questions
about the Turan and Atunis.
I'm in Lancaster tomorrow.
Oh. this takes priority.
They really are quite
spectacular.
Admission pre-sales have gone
through the roof
since the announcement
of their arrival.
Not a bad return on investment.
Can't put a price tag
on history.
Well. apparently you can.
It's five million.
[laughs]
How about I buy you a drink
as a thank you?
I uh. I was planning
on sticking around.
I have some work
to catch up on.
-Another time.
-Yeah.
♪
-George.
-Mr. Jennings.
[elegant piano music]
♪
We're talking with
Jessica Anders.
a college student majoring
in library science.
And Jessica has
an unusual problem.
She says she's never been
in love.
I've done my share of dating.
but I've never had
that all-consuming.
butterflies in your stomach
feeling like in the movies.
Do you watch a lot
of romance movies?
[laughs]
I just find them...
reassuring.
That idea that there's someone
out there for everyone
and you're destined to find them
and get your happy ending.
[laughs]
You think I sound unrealistic.
don't you?
No.
Real love may not be like
in the movies.
but that doesn't mean it can't
be just as wonderful.
And I'm a sucker for happy
endings myself.
[laughs]
And cut!
Oh. is it over?
For now.
Next I look for your matches.
and then the real fun begins.
[laughs]
You did great.
Thank you.
Got it in one.
Fantastic.
I want to try to have lunch with
my dad at The Oswald Museum.
Wait. because you've heard
such good things
about the food court?
[laughs]
No.
They've been dealing
with some thefts recently.
Employees reporting items
stolen out of their offices.
and my dad is going
to look into it.
Uh...
[stammering] I... I thought
he's retired.
I know. but he's friends
with one of the board members
and they called in
a favor. so...
Remember we've got a Q and A
with our first bachelor at 1:30.
The fireman.
I'll be here.
-Don't be late.
-Bye.
♪
Lucia: Thank you for coming.
We'd like you to investigate
the theft of all the items
that have gone missing
from the museum.
Things like watches.
cell phones. a camera.
just to name a few.
All in the last three weeks.
Huh. Personal effects?
-Mmm.
-Nothing from the exhibits?
Not yet.
But I fear whoever's doing
this may become emboldened.
I've included staff files
and schedules.
and I've asked security to pull
the footage from the last month.
Oh. that sign belongs
at the west entrance.
Turan and Atunis.
Mythical Etruscan lovers.
Oh. yes.
It's our newest acquisition.
We're unveiling it at a black
tie event tomorrow evening.
Very cool.
Oh. if you have a moment
I'd like to introduce you
to Doctor Jennings.
His watch was the first item
reported stolen.
I know he's very anxious
to get it back.
Hmm. Do you mind?
It's fine. Sure.
Great. Right this way.
So when exactly was
the watch stolen?
Three weeks ago.
I know it was a gift
from his father.
Hoping he can give you
some more information.
[knocking]
He's usually in his office
by now.
Wait.
[muffled scratching sounds]
I hear something.
Sounds like... scratching?
Hello?
Doctor Jennings?
Angie: Chopin.
The Complete Nocturnes.
That's an odd choice
for the morning.
Hmm. Unless it's been
on all night.
Nick: Call 9-1-1.
Clinton!
Get help!
Doctor Jennings?
Is he...
He's gone.
[exhales]
Do... do you smell that?
What?
I'm... I'm not sure.
Almonds?
Connect me to
Detective Carter.
Kyle?
But he's homicide.
The coroner's waiting for
confirmation from the lab.
but due to the pink lividity
in the skin
I'd have to say that your hunch
was right on. Nick.
Hmm.
And you.
You've got the nose
of a bloodhound.
[laughs]
The smell of bitter almonds
is the characteristic sign
of cyanide poisoning.
Not everyone can detect
that odor.
You're one of the lucky few.
[laughs weakly]
Well. it's not exactly something
I can whip out at parties.
Wait. You said that
the victim reported
an item stolen recently?
Museum has been dealing
with a rash of thefts.
They suspect one of their
employees is behind it.
Doctor Jennings was very vocal
about involving the police.
Do you think this
could be revenge?
-It's definitely worth noting.
-Yeah.
Why don't you stick around
for a little bit.
just in case I have a few
more questions?
I wasn't planning
on leaving yet.
Well. that doesn't surprise me.
It's good to see you.
It's been a while.
-Thanks Kyle.
-Yeah.
What do you say we get
some coffee downstairs. huh?
Sure.
No. no.
Ma'am. no. you cannot be
in here.
Hold on.
What's going on?
She wants to take some evidence
from the scene.
That laptop is museum property.
What laptop?
Doctor Jennings's laptop
contains research that belongs
to The Oswald.
We didn't recover a laptop.
did we?
No.
What times did Jennings get
to work today?
Uh. I don't know.
But his assistant Myra might.
Okay. Where can we find Myra?
I'll show you...
♪
Excuse me.
[gasps]
I'm sorry.
Didn't mean to scare you.
Um. you can't be back here
without authorization.
Oh.
Ah.
Detective Carter.
Are you Myra Tolin?
Yes.
I've just got a couple questions
for you.
I've been working in the lab
all morning.
I wasn't scheduled to meet
with Doctor Jennings
until this afternoon.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
I think I just need
to sit down.
Just take a seat right here.
Just take a breath.
It's okay.
I just saw him last night.
What time?
Around 7:00.
He told me to go home.
He was planning to do
the same.
Okay.
We've also been looking
for his laptop
and we can't find it anywhere.
Does he always bring that
to the office?
Yes.
It has all of his research
on it.
And what about his cell phone?
-You can't find his cell phone?
-Uh-nuh.
Went straight to voicemail.
If it's poison the police will
need to narrow down the trail.
See if it's targeted
or accidental.
Do you think this could be
related to the thefts?
It's hard to say.
But if they're also items
missing from his office...
Paige: Angie!
I've been calling you.
The fireman's been waiting at
the studio for almost an hour.
He's threatening to walk.
I'm sorry. Paige.
Something came up.
What could possibly be
more important
than our first bachelor?
Wait. wait. Is that...
A dead body?
There was a murder.
What?
Alleged.
Miss Dove.
Um. Detective...
Carter.
-Hi.
He said that you are free
to leave.
um. but he might follow up
with you later.
Thanks.
Wait. why would he need
to follow up with you?
I may have... been there
when the body was found.
Again?
You act like this is a regular
occurrence for me.
You said she's free to go.
right?
Oh yes. ma'am.
We might make it to set in time
if we ignore most traffic laws.
You didn't hear that.
Oh. yeah. Hear what?
Okay.
Ange. I'm going to stay behind
and see if I can help.
-Okay.
-I love you.
I love you too.
Breakfast tomorrow?
-You bet.
-Okay.
Coat check.
I'll be right back.
♪
There's a security camera at
the end of the East Wing hall.
It'll give us a clear shot
of Doctor Jennings's door.
Um...
What's going on?
I'm trying to call up the feed
but it's not here.
For which camera?
Uh...
All of them.
Go back farther.
I am.
[sighs]
There must be some mistake.
Three weeks of security footage.
gone.
Oh man. we lost the fireman.
Crew couldn't convince him
to stick around.
I liked him too.
Maybe we can reschedule.
[sighs]
Hang on just a second.
[sniffling]
Hey. I'm Angie.
Are you okay?
[tearfully]
I'll be fine.
Hey um...
[tearfully]
I'll be fine.
Here.
Thank you. I'm Myra.
I'm sorry about
Doctor Jennings.
Were you with him long?
We weren't together.
Oh no. I didn't mean...
You were his assistant. right?
Oh. yes.
Um. for about a year.
That's a beautiful necklace.
Thank you.
Was it a gift?
Um. family heirloom.
Why don't you
hang onto them?
Thanks.
That was interesting.
Who is she?
That was Jennings's assistant.
and she was very quick to deny
she was dating Jennings
even though I didn't
bring it up.
You think she's lying.
[scoffs]
There was definitely
more to their story
than she's letting on.
Why would she hide it?
That's a very good question.
♪
[sighs]
What now?
After the autopsy he'll be
released to the family
for any services
that you plan to hold.
Our father passed last year.
I'm the only family Clinton
has left.
I'm sorry.
When was the last time you spoke
to your brother?
Six. maybe seven months ago?
But you work in town. right?
At the university?
Did you have a falling out?
Clinton was brilliant
but difficult.
Arrogant.
He had very little time
for those who didn't benefit
him directly.
Did he have any enemies
that you know of?
Maybe somebody
that had a vendetta?
Have you checked
his little black book?
He was always
running around
with some young woman
on his arm.
He'd get bored with one
and move onto the next.
He left a long line of women
in his wake.
Hmm.
Any names?
Sorry. I wish I could be
more help.
Well. thank you for coming down
Doctor Jennings.
Oh. hey.
Any luck with that Oswald
security footage?
Wiped clean.
They're saying it was some kind
of software glitch.
Okay.
Let's get it down
to forensics.
See if they have any luck
with it.
You got it. boss.
♪
[knocking]
Good morning. Detective.
Oh. hi.
I was expecting your father.
We were just sitting down
for breakfast.
Come on in.
Uh... Yeah. I can... I can come
back if this is a bad time.
Why would it be a bad time?
Because you're...
about to eat?
Dad thought you might drop by.
We made extra waffles.
Syrup or no syrup?
Uh... syrup.
All right.
Mmm. That's so good.
What is that...
orange maple?
-Good right?
-Mmm.
Mom sent it.
She's at a wellness retreat
in Maine.
They tapped their own trees.
Wasn't that nice of her?
Want some?
No. I'm good. thanks.
All right.
Let's get down to business.
shall we?
The coroner confirmed
the cyanide.
Hmm.
Said that there was
alkali burns
in Jennings's
gastrointestinal tract.
Any idea what he ate?
Hmm. There was cookies
at the scene.
and there was a cup of coffee
half full.
a bottle of ibuprofen
in the desk.
We sent everything
to the lab.
we're just waiting
on the results.
Did you find Jennings's laptop
or phone?
No. no. But we are searching
his house right now.
His assistant seems
pretty adamant
that we're not going
to find it.
Myra?
Myra Tolin?
Hmm.
How do you know her?
We chatted briefly.
And you think she's not being
honest about the laptop?
I don't know about that.
But I think she was involved.
In the murder?
No. no. with Jennings.
Romantically.
[clears throat]
Well. she did not say anything
in the interview.
Well. of course not.
He was her superior.
Obviously it was a very
covert affair.
Very hush hush.
[sighs]
And. uh. what did you base
that on?
Fifteen years of professional
experience.
She's always been
very intuitive.
I'm rarely wrong
about these things.
[laughs]
It's my job to read people.
So I've heard.
[laughs]
[clears throat pointedly]
For example. sir.
Your body language is telling
me that you are annoyed.
Well you hardly need a degree
in psychology...
You were halfway here
before you realized
you'd left your watch
on your nightstand.
How could you possibly
know that?
I told you.
I have a sixth sense
about these things.
Also the slight tan line
on your wrist didn't hurt.
All I'm saying is. I don't know.
make a note.
Talk to Myra about
dating Jennings.
[laughs]
Happy?
Deliriously.
That makes three of us.
[laughs]
Thanks Nick.
You know. it was the way
she touched her necklace
that raised my suspicions.
I mentioned Clinton and her hand
shot right to it.
Like... like she associated it
with him.
Hmm.
A gift. maybe?
I don't even think she knew
she was doing it.
It's probably her tell.
-Everyone has one.
-Yup.
Like how you squint when you
think someone's lying to you.
What?
I do not do that.
Yeah. It's like a squint.
eyebrow raised thing.
Very subtle. but...
Why have you never mentioned
that before?
I can't give away
all my secrets.
Ahh.
Anyway. you seem
pretty convinced
that she's behind
the murder.
No. I just think she knows
more than she's letting on.
You know. things get complicated
when passion is involved.
Is that so?
All I know is.
they were involved.
Okay. I'll check it out.
She's on the list.
Good.
♪
The mistake that most
people make
is they focus on their
upper body
and they completely neglect
their core
What are you doing to increase
your pliability?
Well. right now we're getting
to know you and your interests.
Personally. I like to use
resistance bands.
[laughs weakly]
Let's table that for a minute.
We can circle back.
Sure thing.
Great.
Tell me. um. what do you like
to do in your spare time?
Outside of the gym.
Well. I like to read.
Really?
Oh yeah.
What's the last book
that you loved?
Don't Sweat It: The Five
Lifting Essentials.
Have you heard of it?
I have not. no.
You know. I see potential.
He's got leading man looks.
Yeah...
When Jessica said she hoped her
love life would be like a movie.
I don't think she meant
a workout video.
So he's a little preoccupied
with his fitness regime.
There are worse vices.
Yeah. look. I'm not saying
he's off the board.
But for Jessica.
let's look for someone a little
more intellectual.
Hmm. Yeah.
♪
Uh. Derek?
Yeah?
Nick Columba.
I'm looking into the thefts
at The Oswald?
I'm sorry. I have class
in about 10 minutes.
Lucky for you
I only need five.
Now you reported a stolen camera
10 days ago?
Yeah. my DSLR.
It was brand new.
Took me three months
to save up for that.
[whistles]
That's a high-ticket item
to leave unattended.
I thought it'd be safe in
Doctor Jennings's office.
Clinton Jennings.
Yeah.
Did he tell you I forgot
to lock the door?
Because I promise you
I didn't.
He blamed his watch
on me too.
but I'm sure you heard
all about that.
Doctor Jennings is dead.
Dead?
Yeah.
[clock chimes]
I'm really sorry.
I'm going to be late.
Well if I have
any more questions.
can I find you
at the museum?
My internship just ended
last week.
So I gotta go. Sorry.
I hope I haven't kept you
waiting long. Detective.
Oh no. no problem at all.
Thank you for the time.
Our newest exhibit
opens tonight.
and recent developments
have added complications.
I can imagine.
Unfortunately the show
must go on.
The Turan and Atunis exhibit.
That's what Doctor Jennings
was working on?
Yes.
Clinton was our senior historian
and exhibit specialist.
He was instrumental in
the museum's acquisition
and verifying its provenance.
Provenance?
The history of ownership
of a work.
A complete provenance
helps us guarantee authenticity.
Okay.
Now. Doctor Jennings's
time of death
put him in his office
around 10:00 PM.
He told his assistant that he
was going home early that night.
yet he stayed.
Do you have any idea why?
He told me he was working late.
Did anybody else know
he would be in his office?
Not that I'm aware of.
Oh. his sister Natalie Jennings.
He called her to make
dinner plans for the weekend.
♪
Miss Jennings?
You got a minute?
Detective.
I already told you. my brother
and I haven't spoken in months.
I have nothing left to say.
Well a coworker claims to have
walked in on the two of you
having a telephone conversation
around 7:00.
He or she must have misheard.
Would you be willing to verify
your phone records?
I'll show you right now
so we can clear this up.
Okay.
See? No calls after 5:00.
Will that be all. Detective?
Uh... It'd still be okay
for us to contact
your provider though. right?
Just to double check.
I really don't see why that is
necessary. but yes.
Okay. great. Thanks.
I'll be in touch.
So. for Jessica's first date.
I was thinking...
Thank you.
Ah. Something like this.
Red always makes a statement.
True.
And statistically men do find
women in red more attractive.
But I think for Jessica we
should prioritize comfort.
She's going to a nice
restaurant.
not cleaning out the garage.
Wait a minute.
Is this a Berzano?
This show can't afford
designer dresses.
Relax.
Stella got them for next
to nothing.
They're fakes.
See? Berzan-a.
No way!
Yeah. Knockoffs
are getting so good
it's impossible
to tell anymore.
Can we use these
on the show?
Is it ethical?
Stella said knockoffs
raise brand awareness.
Eh. that sounds like
a spin to me.
[sighs]
So that's a no
on the Berzan-a.
What do you know
about provenance?
Capital of Rhode Island?
Never been.
Heard it's nice.
No. provenance.
It's basically the art world's
defense against knockoffs.
It's what Clinton Jennings
was working on
when he was murdered.
Here we go again.
Angie's one true love.
a murder mystery.
I just wonder if the two things
are connected.
I mean. Doctor Jennings
wasn't just poisoned.
His laptop was taken.
So you think whoever killed him
was after this report?
Maybe.
I just wish I knew more
about it.
You know. my dad has been
interviewing people
at the museum.
I wonder if he knows somebody
who could help.
Probably.
Hmm.
Yeah.
[baseball game playing]
Going. going. and it's down
to the wall by Rodriguez.
Game over for Philly.
Oh. come on.
George?
Miss Ricci mentioned
that you put out a tip box
for anyone with leads
on the stolen items.
I was hoping I could
get a peek at that.
There's nothing in there.
I went through them all.
Still. I'd like to see.
I'm on my break.
Oh. oh. my apologies.
I didn't mean to disturb you.
I can wait.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Uh. I got an hour.
so it'll be a while.
Oh. no. no. no.
by all means.
Take your time.
I'm retired.
[sighs]
♪
Here you go.
Oh.
Thank you.
Derek Holland. right?
I'm Angie Dove.
Nick Columba's daughter.
You spoke with him
about Clinton Jennings.
Would you be willing to let me
pick your brain?
About Doctor Jennings?
Actually about the statues
of Turan and Atunis.
Oh... sure.
Great.
Um. what do you know about
the report that Doctor Jennings
was working on.
on the statues?
Well. The Oswald Museum
bought the two statues
from an art dealer.
and Doctor Jennings was
to review the provenance
and draft a report.
Fraud is a real concern
in the world of antiquities.
You'd be surprised how many
respected establishments
get duped by fakes.
Really?
But Doctor Jennings confirmed
the authenticity of these?
He did.
Um. he inspected the statues
at the dealer's gallery
before the sale. and all of
the paperwork that came with it.
And he was convinced they were
the genuine article?
Yeah. yes. um...
Hmm.
Do you happen to know the name
of the art dealer
who sold the statues
to the museum?
Um... Beaucamp and Asprey.
Yeah.
Great. thank you.
Thank you for your help.
No problem.
One more thing.
Are you seeing anyone?
Miss Dove. I'm flattered.
but...
Oh. not... not for me.
Are you familiar with my show.
The Matchmaker?
"Angie Dove will find you love."
There it is.
You helped me out.
I'd love to return the favor.
Oh. Um...
I don't know. I. uh...
Well. if you change your mind.
there's my card.
Thank you.
Think about it.
Hmm.
The thefts reportedly occurred
after close.
and offices would be locked.
Well. museum gets shipment
at all hours.
It just means we're dealing
with an opportunistic employee.
not a guest with sticky fingers.
Um. George?
You got a pen on you?
Um...
Oh.
[laughs]
I see.
How long did you say you were
on the force?
-Thirty years.
-Hmm.
Those unlock all the offices?
Uh. yeah. Offices. labs.
exhibit halls.
Oh. There we go.
You know. I think you're
wasting your time.
It's just a lot of
finger pointing.
Let's see here.
I know Betty Willis is stealing
my yogurts from the staff fridge
because I see the lids
in her trash bin.
Hmm.
You mind if I take these?
All yours.
-Thanks George.
-Sure thing.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Beaucamp and Asprey.
Dealers of fine art and
antiquities since 1978.
That painting would look amazing
in my living room.
It's $50.000.
Oh.
On second thought. it doesn't
go with my rug.
[laughs]
I mean. they look legitimate.
But how much can you really tell
from a website?
Exactly.
Wait a minute.
The Etruscan exhibit opens
tonight at the museum.
I'll bet Beaucamp and
or Asprey will be there.
Probably.
And if we were also there.
then we could ask them
about the statues.
What are you suggesting?
Grab the Berzana.
We're going to a party.
[elegant string music]
♪
-Hi.
Invitation please?
Do you have an invitation?
No. but I have talked my way
past dozens of velvet ropes
and greeters and...
[whispers]
You need an invitation.
Just have to know
which buttons to push.
What if those buttons
don't work?
I have a plan B.
No invitation. no entry.
No exceptions.
Security?
Next.
Hi.
Welcome to The Oswald Museum.
Invitations please.
That is a lovely blouse.
Is it silk?
Yes.
Invitations?
Okay...
[laughs]
Well. that's strange.
I had it just a moment ago.
Are you... Angie Dove?
I am.
[laughs]
I love your show.
Oh. thank you.
I just bought that perfume
you recommended.
Fleur de nuit?
A little dab behind the ears
is all it takes.
Drives the men wild. right?
But really. it boosts
your confidence.
And that's irresistible.
[exhales excitedly]
Please. come right in.
Aww.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Just out of curiosity.
If that didn't work.
was there really a plan B?
Let's not dwell on what-ifs.
[laughs]
♪
Detective.
The coroner gave me
the lab report
on the items at the scene.
The coffee and ibuprofen
were clean.
but they found traces of sodium
cyanide salts in the cookie box.
So it was the cookies
that killed him.
It looks like it.
These were meant for the museum
exhibit opening
which started at 6:00.
6:00.
It's 6:15.
♪
[classical music]
The statues.
So what do we do now?
We mingle.
Learn what we can.
Got it.
Oh. were those canapés?
You know. why
don't we split up?
Cover more ground.
On it.
You know. I noticed some
suspicious looking guests
by the dessert display
in the lobby.
Okay good. good. good.
Hey Myra.
[quietly]
Hi.
Doctor Jennings would be
so proud.
He made all of this happen and
he's not even here to enjoy it.
Well he left a legacy behind.
That's something.
I suppose.
It's just hard to believe
that anybody
would want to poison him.
Do you have any idea
who that could've been?
No.
I mean Doctor Jennings
could be stern.
and that could rub people
the wrong way.
but he was respected.
What do you know about
Beaucamp and Asprey?
The art dealers?
Yes. Are they here tonight?
Simon Beaucamp is.
That's him right over there.
Does he have any kids?
[sighs happily]
I probably shouldn't.
Simon?
I was surprised
not to hear from you.
What are you doing here?
This isn't the right time
or the appropriate place
for you to be discussing this.
I know the deal
you and Clinton had.
As I said to him.
I cannot pay that kind of money.
All right?
I'll wait to hear from you.
Oh.
Thank you.
Got to get these when they go by
or you'll miss out.
It is so good
to see you again.
Um...
Oh. Simon.
Don't tell me you
don't remember me.
[laughs uncomfortably]
Angie Dove.
We met. I think it was last
September. at the gallery.
Oh.
How is Braden by the way?
Hmm. Yes. good. good.
Good. He just celebrated
his 15th birthday.
I... I apologize. Miss Dove.
I am surprised I could forget
a face as pretty as yours.
Well. I'll forgive you
this one time.
[giggles]
Intriguing coincidence.
Turan is the Etruscan
goddess of love.
which is sometimes symbolized
as a dove.
That sounds like a line.
Maybe it is. but also happens
to be true.
[laughs]
[siren wails]
Well. I heard that you were
the one responsible
for getting these fabulous
statues to the museum.
Indeed I am.
These relics were originally
unearthed at a dig in Tuscany
in 1899 and sat in a private
collection. lost to history.
That is. until I uncovered
them last year.
Oh. Quite a stroke of luck.
I've always believed
we make our own luck.
[glasses clink]
[giggles]
Police: Clear the perimeter!
-Angie?
-Kyle?
Wait...
-What are you doing here?
What's going on?
Oh. I will take those.
Hey!
What is the meaning of this?
These boxes of cookies are
contaminated with cyanide.
That's what killed
Clinton Jennings.
So for the safety
of all of your guests.
we're going to need to take
all of these cookies down
to the lab for analysis.
Anything you need. done.
Ladies and Gentlemen.
Please cooperate
with the police
and don't eat any
of the cookies.
Uh-oh. I don't feel so good.
You didn't...
I did.
Okay. there are paramedics
right outside.
We brought them just in case.
Okay.
Where are the rest
of these cookies?
How are you feeling?
Anxious.
Full of regret.
Like I should've taken
more vacations.
I should've taken
more vacations!
I meant physically.
Oh. right.
Um. I feel okay.
Heart rate's a little high.
but blood pressure's good.
You'd have symptoms by now
if you had been poisoned.
[sighs]
Thank you.
I'm so relieved.
Hey.
Thought you might need this.
Oh. Thank you.
that's really thoughtful.
Yeah. Just doing my job.
You know. protect and serve.
So... Serving a little water.
Officer Smith. would you
do me a huge favor
and stick with Paige
for a minute?
Yeah. uh-huh.
Of course.
Thanks.
It's just a precaution.
Your safety is the utmost
importance to us.
Hey. So were those
all the cookies?
Everything we had was
on the buffet table.
How's Paige?
Paramedic think
she's in the clear.
Good.
I can't believe
this is happening.
I don't know if this
means anything.
but I saw a woman arguing
with Simon Beaucamp
about Clinton Jennings.
Uh... Do you know how
Clinton Jennings
got a box of the cookies
two days ago?
The bakery delivered
them early
and they delivered more
than we needed.
so I gave a few of the extra
boxes to some of the staff.
But Clinton wasn't
one of them.
Okay.
And what's the name of
those staff members?
Sam Garrett. Patricia Reynolds.
Carmen Dioppe.
and Myra Tolin.
♪
[knocking]
Other cookies got
the all-clear.
Looks like it was just
the Jennings box.
Which means it
was deliberate.
Oh. Myra Tolin
is waiting in room 2.
[sighs]
All right.
So Miss Ricci gave you
the box of those
little Italian cookies. right?
Want to tell me how they ended
up in Jennings's office?
I gave them to him.
When?
The day they arrived.
I left them on his desk.
Why?
You're not a fan of cookies?
Um... I'm diabetic.
The cookies are loaded
with sugar.
Hmm.
Am I a suspect?
I just need to talk
to everyone.
Have you spoken to Derek?
Derek...
Holland.
He's a graduate student
at Hearst.
Um. he worked with
Doctor Jennings on the exhibit.
He wasn't at the museum
when we interviewed the staff.
That's 'cause he was fired
a week ago.
Fired for what?
He was supposed to be helping
with the provenance.
but Doctor Jennings was
dissatisfied with his work.
Derek took it pretty hard.
They fought about it.
So you think that Derek
may have been involved
in Jennings's murder because
he was kicked off the team?
Uh. no. I...
I think he may have been
involved because the cookies
came from his family's bakery.
♪
How are you doing?
Looking for Derek Holland.
Maybe this icing
will be easier?
I don't know.
No!
[laughs]
Keep trying.
This one's good.
This is terrible!
Hey Derek?
Detective Carter.
Miss Dove?
Cinnamon bun?
They're really good.
Over here.
Why are you here?
I'm interviewing a
potential suspect.
What. wait. you think Derek
has something to do
with Clinton Jennings's murder?
Isn't that why you're here?
No!
I'm trying to find him
a match.
This okay?
We can talk here.
Uh. yeah.
So.
I'm just going to cut
to the chase.
Where were you on the night
of the 4th?
Uh...
I was in class until 6:00
and then I went home.
Okay. Straight home?
Yes.
No.
Uh... Which is it?
I got pizza at Gino's.
Hmm.
Did you pay with a card?
Cash.
Okay. Can anyone
confirm this?
Uh. the cashier?
It was really busy.
You might still have
the receipt.
I can look.
So a week before
Doctor Jennings's murder.
you were fired.
Fired?
They said that you weren't
meeting expectations at work.
He did let me go. yeah.
But that's not why.
As part of my work
for Doctor Jennings.
I was helping with
the provenance
and I started to notice
inconsistencies.
And when I first told Doctor
Jennings about it.
he was responsive.
Even grateful.
But when I brought it up again
he got defensive
and accused me
of sloppy research.
Hmm.
Did you think he was
hiding something?
Maybe.
But Doctor Jennings
was the type of person
who didn't like
to be questioned.
Especially by some lowly
grad student.
That was a pretty prestigious
placement. huh?
Could've led to a full-time job
at the museum.
Must've been quite a blow.
No sense dwelling on
what I can't control.
-Thanks.
-Uh-huh.
You don't really think that
Derek could murder someone?
I mean he makes
puff pastries.
I think your feelings are
clouding your judgement.
And what's wrong with seeing
the best in people?
Oh. nothing.
In your line of work
it's probably an asset.
For me. uh...
looks can be deceiving.
That's awfully cynical.
It's just the way it is.
Well. I believe in giving people
a chance to surprise you.
I got a surprise for you.
Remember after our
last murder case
I promised to take you out
for dessert?
Did you?
I... I mean I guess
technically you did.
[laughs]
You want to buy me
a cinnamon bun?
I'm more of a traditional
donut guy.
Because you're a cop?
Cops like donuts?
-Pretty much.
-Yeah.
How about tonight?
Tonight? No. I mean uh.
I can do... Thursday?
Yeah. Thursday works. 8:00?
It's a date.
Uh?
-I mean. not a date.
-Not a date.
It's just a dessert.
Right.
All right. I'll pick you up.
Andrew. tell me.
What are you looking
for in a woman?
Shared values.
Someone I can take home
to my mother.
Aw. that's very sweet.
Describe your ideal date.
Maybe a walk on the beach.
and then I could cook dinner.
You cook?
I make a mean shrimp scampi.
My mother has
a great recipe.
Aww.
You two seem very close.
you and your mother.
Oh.
[laughs]
We're close. but we're
not that close.
We live on completely separate
floors in the house.
You have mail.
Matches or murder?
Murder.
For now.
I should really
get another board.
Oh.
A-ha!
I tracked down the photographer
from the exhibit opening
and I got him
to send us copies.
How did you manage that?
I promised we'd hire him
to shoot next season's
publicity shots.
I forwarded you his quote.
It's a little high.
That's a lot of suspects.
They all wanted
Clinton Jennings dead?
Well. I don't know.
This is Myra Tolin.
Jennings's assistant
and probably secret girlfriend.
I mean. could heartbreak
be the motive?
Jealousy?
Derek Holland.
He was fired a week before
the murder.
so he had an axe to grind.
Simon Beaucamp.
the art dealer who sold
the statues to the museum.
If Jennings uncovered fraud
it would be very costly
for Beaucamp.
And there's one more.
A-ha! Yes!
I saw this woman arguing
with Beaucamp
about Clinton at the museum.
Well who is she?
I don't know.
But I know who might.
Yes. Lucia Ricci. please.
Miss Ricci.
it's Angie Dove.
I wonder if you could help me
identify someone.
Doctor Jennings?
Uh. do you have a moment?
I'm Angie Dove.
Miss Dove.
I must admit I was very
surprised to receive your email.
My show is always looking
for Philadelphia's
best and brightest to showcase
on the program.
And. you know. we've never
had a botanist.
Well. I hate to disappoint.
but I do not require the
services of a matchmaker.
I was just making some tea.
Would you like some?
Sure.
Do you take milk. sugar?
No. thank you.
Huh.
Please don't touch that!
Sorry.
That's Cnidoscolus stimulosus.
Contact with the skin results
in a painful sting
and lingering rash.
This pretty little flower
can do all that?
Looks can be deceiving.
For example. that purple flower
over there is Wolfsbane.
It contains a neurotoxin
called aconitine.
Very deadly.
Hmm.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Oh. it is still a little hot.
How is it?
Nice.
Um. chamomile?
A hibiscus blend.
Oh. yes. it does have a bit of
a floral undertone.
It does.
Now. why are you here really?
[laughs]
What do you mean?
Let's not play games.
Miss Dove.
You were at the exhibit opening
asking questions
about my late brother.
and now you're here at my office
with a very flimsy cover story.
Well. I thought it was
pretty good. but...
You're right.
I came to ask you about
an argument you had
with Simon Beaucamp.
Simon and I were discussing
a personal matter.
Do you mind me asking
what that personal matter was?
I do.
Oh.
Good tea.
Are these your parents?
They are.
My mother passed
10 years ago.
It was very hard
on Clinton and me.
I'm sorry.
That's a very striking necklace.
It's a family heirloom.
Clinton always loved it.
My mother left it to him.
You know. on second thought
I would like some sugar.
If it's not too much to ask?
Here. This should do the trick.
♪
[sighs]
Good morning Angie.
Good morning.
Hey. you got your own office.
Moving up?
Hmph.
Aren't you wondering
why I'm here?
Nope.
Okay. Good.
Then we can skip
the formalities.
Is that my mug?
Oh yeah. I washed it.
Look familiar?
The pendant.
It used to belong to Clinton
Jennings's mother.
And now it's around
Myra Tolin's neck.
So you were dating.
Yeah.
So why'd you lie?
Do you know how
that would look?
If people found out that
I was dating my boss
no one would take
me seriously.
Where did you get
that picture?
It belongs to
Natalie Jennings.
You spoke to Clinton's sister?
-No.
-Yes.
Did I not mention that?
No.
Did she tell you about
their fight?
Uh... What fight?
Last month.
-No.
She wanted Doctor
Jennings...
Clinton. to lend
her some money.
And I'm guessing
he didn't?
No. His sister was pretty angry
about it too.
After he kicked her out.
she kept screaming at him
in the hallway outside
of his office.
-Hmm.
What does she need
the money for?
Something about a debt.
Did anyone else hear?
Just me.
♪
Well?
Well what?
Just. let's have it.
Come on.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
The "I told you so."
Kyle. You know.
I'm disappointed.
You really think so little of me
that I would gloat about this?
Huh.
All right. I stand corrected.
Thank you.
Even though I was
1.000 percent correct.
See. I knew it.
You couldn't resist.
I'm looking for a very specific
watch with an opaline dial
and an alligator strap.
Yes. I'll hold.
Hey Dad.
Hey.
Brinkley's Pawn Shop.
You finally getting rid
of that couch in the den?
Following up
on The Oswald.
What's wrong with the couch
in the den?
Want some coffee?
Yeah.
Kyle tells me you two have
a date on Thursday.
What?
No.
Did he call it that?
He said he owed you dessert.
Right. Yeah. yeah...
that's all it is. dessert.
Yeah.
It is a long story.
He ruined my dessert
with Ethan...
Your ex-boyfriend.
Right.
When he falsely arrested him
for murder.
Right.
Yeah. So he owes me one.
Dessert.
Right.
Ah.
Oh yeah. I'm still here.
Oh...
Nothing huh?
Okay.
Thanks for your time.
How many pawn shops
have you called?
Seven.
Are you sure that the items
were sold?
I mean maybe your thief
just kept the stuff.
Well. look at the list.
What do you see?
Two cell phones. two iPads.
three watches.
Duplicates.
Mmmhmm.
And a building
full of valuables.
But our guy only goes after
the items he can easily move.
Now this is someone
who's after quick money.
Hmm.
Do you really not like
that couch?
I picked it out myself.
Nobody likes that couch.
Huh.
So you told me that
you haven't spoken
to your brother in months.
It was one time.
and it was a conversation
I didn't wish to relive.
Well unfortunately I'm going
to have to ask you
to relive it for the moment.
okay?
So you went to The Oswald Museum
last month
to borrow some money
from your brother.
Why?
I owed some debts.
I didn't have anyone else
to turn to.
What kind of debts?
I have an affinity
for nice things.
It can get me into trouble.
I just needed to buy
a little more time.
but Clinton refused.
That must have made
you angry.
I was disappointed.
Did you ask him again?
No.
He made it clear
the first time
that I could not count
on his help.
Someone here to see you.
Have a seat.
What's going on?
I just wanted to apologize.
You've been so kind and
I'm sorry I wasn't up front.
Well. you had your reasons.
You had us pegged
from the beginning.
How'd you know?
I saw your heart.
No matter the bluff.
there's always a tell.
You loved him.
I did.
I just wish he felt the same.
He ended things?
When?
A few days before he died.
-Myra?
-You see how that looks?
I can't tell the cops.
But if they find out and they
realize that I lied again?
Angie. I don't know what to do.
You have to tell Detective
Carter everything.
Kyle. it's... it's Angie.
Can I meet you
at the station?
You're at The Oswald?
♪
I think I saw something
under there.
Kyle?
Angie.
Woah. woah. woah. I need you
to stay right there. okay?
Detective. we got something.
Angie. I don't know
what they're looking for.
This is your workstation. right?
Yes.
Is that...
Clinton's cell phone.
I'm going to need you
to come with me.
No. there's been a mistake.
Please.
I don't know how
that got there.
Angie. please. You have
to believe me.
♪
This is a real problem.
I know.
If Myra didn't kill Jennings.
then why does she have
a stolen phone?
I meant the bachelors.
We need to fill in
our final segment
and we still don't have
a match.
Who's it going to be?
Tony or Andrew?
Neither.
Neither?
No.
Neither is Mr. Right.
I promised Jessica
a match.
We can't settle
for second best.
Well that leaves us
without a final segment.
What are we going to do?
[sighs]
[grunts]
No. we're pushing that exhibit
back to January.
Yes. to accommodate
the gallery.
Can I call you back?
Mr. Columba.
thank you for calling.
Of course.
I've got some good news.
I tracked down two of the items
to a pawn shop.
Now the owner is willing
to send me his tapes.
We'll see if we can get a good
look at who sold them.
That won't be necessary.
We found our thief.
One of the janitorial
staff confessed.
I see.
Will you be filing a report
with the police?
No. we'll be handling it
internally.
I thank you so much
for your hard work.
And I've already had
your check sent out.
Thanks.
[tearfully] I can't believe
this is all happening.
We're going to get
you out of here. okay?
But in order to do that you have
to help me find the person
who actually killed
Clinton Jennings.
How can I do that
in this place?
Talk to me.
Let's go through everything
that you know.
-Okay.
So if someone stole
Clinton's laptop.
maybe they were interested
in what was on it.
Documents. emails?
He'd have a lot of those saved
to the cloud.
You wouldn't happen to know
his password. would you?
Maybe we could access
them remotely.
No.
Derek...
Derek?
He might know Clinton's
login information.
I'll ask him.
Do you need anything?
Just please get me
out of here.
I'll do my best.
And Angie...
Thank you.
Okay. so what do you got?
The phone's wiped.
Wiped?
Forensics couldn't find
a thing.
Anything that was on it.
gone.
But why would Myra take the time
to wipe the phone
instead of just disposing of it?
Well you think it
could've been planted?
Well we're already looking
in her direction.
Maybe somebody's just trying
to push the investigation along.
Hmm.
Thank you.
Derek?
Miss Dove. um...
Is this a good time?
Yeah. sure.
Um. sorry. I just wasn't
expecting any guests. um...
[laughs]
Astronomy. chemistry.
historical romance.
[nervously] Uh. yeah. Um...
Is this about the show?
No.
It's about Myra Tolin.
What about her?
She's been arrested.
What. you think she killed
Doctor Jennings?
I don't think so.
And I'd like to help clear
her name.
She seems to think that
you might have access
to Doctor Jennings's
account information.
Logins. passwords?
Not off the top of my head. no.
Um. but maybe in the paperwork.
I... I can check my files.
It'll just take a minute.
Oh. great.
Go ahead. make yourself
comfortable. Just...
[laughs]
Comfortable.
[sighs]
What are you hoping to find
in Doctor Jennings's emails?
Oh. you know.
Probably nothing.
[nervously]
It's just a... just a hunch.
Oh. Well. here's everything
from my time at The Oswald.
I'm not sure if it'll be useful
but you're welcome to it.
Great. thanks.
Thanks. great.
You said that.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Why wouldn't it be?
You just seem a little jumpy
is all.
[laughs nervously]
I knew I should've said no
to that third espresso.
[giggles]
Well. I'll be in touch.
Okay.
Kyle. I'm sending you a photo.
You may want to look into it.
♪
Wait. wait. wait. wait!
No!
♪
Can I take that for you. sir?
Yeah. sure.
Thank you.
Tell me something.
You like your job?
It's a living.
Yeah.
I heard there's a... a slot
opening up on the late shift?
No. we're fully staffed.
Really?
No firings lately?
No sir.
Hmm.
Well. thank you.
You have a good day.
♪
Alright. Derek.
Whatcha got?
[sighs]
Are you thinking of that
for Jessica's date?
No. for me.
I think Jennings met
with Simon Beaucamp
the night he was murdered.
I saw S.B. written in the
calendar that Derek gave me.
But why?
That's what I want
to find out.
Not exactly your style.
I need to transform Angie Dove
into a woman who
can afford anything.
Well. I'm assuming
by your picks
that this version of you
has terrible taste.
Maybe you can help me.
I need something
that says
"Hello. I'm independently
wealthy.
"Sell me an overpriced vase."
Oh. I've got something
for that lady.
Yes.
Hi Simon.
[giggles]
Hey Smith.
Did we ever get anything
on Derek Holland?
I haven't been able
to track him down.
but we have an alert out.
All right.
Oh. Detective.
Forensics recovered some
of that security footage.
They just sent it over.
That's great.
I'll... I'll come with you.
Looks like we got
The Oswald lobby.
Fast forward... and oh.
Who's that?
Natalie Jennings.
9:30.
Mm-hmm.
And what is that?
Bingo. His laptop.
I hope you didn't have
any plans tonight.
What makes you think he's going
to tell you anything?
Simon Beaucamp fancies himself
as a ladies' man.
I think this little lady
can get him to talk.
[phone dings]
Angie. this could
be dangerous.
I'll be fine.
I'll be fine because I have you
as my safety net.
Me? What am I going to do?
I'll text you when I get there
and if I don't call you back 10
minutes later. call the police.
That's not a safety net.
[sighs]
♪
[knocking at door]
Well. Miss Dove.
Hello.
Um. we're actually not open
at the moment.
But I'd be happy to schedule
an appointment for you tomorrow?
Or maybe even later today?
[laughs]
Oh. I won't take up much
of your time.
I'm in the market
for some new art.
I've recently become interested
in antiquities.
Money is no object.
[laughs quietly]
Well. um. we do have one piece
that just came in.
Um... Can you come back
later today?
I'm here now.
Couldn't I take a quick look?
One teeny little peek
and I'll be on my way.
Oh my.
That is amazing.
How much is this?
We're asking $75.000
for this piece.
Woah.
Tha... that is...
quite a steal. obviously.
Of course. you have
the provenance for this?
Oh. of course.
And it's impeccable.
I'd love to see it.
I'd love to walk out of here
with this today.
And maybe a few more pieces
for the guest house.
Of course.
Um... one moment please.
♪
Huh.
You can't be back here!
You have two of them?
[nervously]
They are a pair.
But they're identical.
No. no. no.
There are. there are
little differences.
I'm sorry. We're going to have
to reschedule your appointment.
What is she doing here?
[laughs]
Let me guess.
That's Clinton Jennings's
missing laptop.
I told you I was coming.
I didn't plan this.
She just barged in
and she wouldn't leave.
You were going to sell it
to him. weren't ya?
Who are you?
A police officer?
No. She's a TV matchmaker.
Never mind who I am.
The real question is.
what's on that laptop
that's so important
you had to kill
your brother?
We can't just let her
leave now.
What if she goes
to the police?
Well. it's a little late
for that now.
Cuff her to something solid!
Let go of me!
[grunts]
That ought to hold you.
♪
[siren wailing]
[tires screech]
♪
That was a big risk
on your part.
Yeah. I only wanted to ask Simon
a few questions.
No. I was talking about
that outfit.
[laughs]
I thought you were
a homicide detective.
not the fashion police.
Uh-huh. Come on. let's go.
Am I under arrest?
No.
But the only way to make sure
that you play by the rules is
not to let you out of my sight.
Maybe I should change first?
Good idea.
Hans Vanderlubbe.
Is that a person. place.
or thing?
It's a Dutch art forger.
Works mostly ancient
bronze statues.
And according to the files
on Jennings's laptop.
Beaucamp hired him to replicate
the Turan and Atunis.
So the statues in The Oswald
are fakes.
And Jennings found out.
After the statues were delivered
to The Oswald.
your brother discovered
that Beaucamp had swapped them
out for forgeries.
But instead of reporting
that to his superiors.
he decided to blackmail
Beaucamp.
promising to stay quiet
if he was paid.
And then you found out.
How?
You were at the museum
the night of the murder.
♪
So what. you just decided
to leverage your brother.
try and get the money that
you wanted him to give you?
And he refused to pay up.
Is that why you killed him?
I didn't kill him.
When I got to his office.
he was already dead.
But I thought it was
a heart attack.
So you took the laptop
and the phone
in hopes of blackmailing
Beaucamp yourself?
His phone?
I never took his phone.
Forgeries?
Yeah. I'm sorry.
Uh. no. I'm sorry.
It seems I misplaced my trust.
Thank you. Detective.
You got it.
So who do you think
killed Clinton?
Well. we still don't know yet
for sure.
Have a seat.
Angie...
I don't want to go
back to jail.
You won't.
They said my release
was conditional.
That I could end up
back there.
We're close to finding out
who really did this.
I feel like we're
missing something.
You know?
I wonder if I could get another
look at his office.
You know. where the whole
thing began?
That section of the museum
is locked down.
Strict orders from the top.
What time does
the museum close?
5:00? Why?
I have an idea.
They're saying that it was a
member of the janitorial staff.
But you don't believe them?
I'm working on my own theory.
What's this?
Yeah.
Huh.
♪
[knocking at door]
Miss Tolin.
I've been told
you can't be on the premises.
I know. I just...
There's a couple of personal
items I need to collect. please.
I'll only be a moment.
You can come with me.
Come on. George.
You've got to do
your rounds anyway.
[sighs]
♪
I don't see a sweater.
I swear I left it right here.
[phone buzzing]
Um. maybe I left it
in the back.
♪
Lucia: I've already spoken
to the DA's office.
We are going to nail
Beaucamp to the wall.
It's fraught. Robert.
I hope he's enjoyed his last
few days as a free man.
[chair creaks]
♪
Yes. yes. I'm still here.
[exhales]
♪
[gasps]
[whispers]
Sorry.
It's okay.
-What are we looking for?
-I'm not sure.
Myra.
Did you know?
No.
We have to show
Detective Carter.
Come on.
Miss Dove.
You and Clinton.
The pendant necklace.
It belonged to his mother.
And you gave it back to him.
didn't you?
When he broke things off.
[sighs]
He told me he wasn't interested
in a relationship at the time.
But when you saw Myra
wearing it.
you realized that was a lie.
I had hoped I could
win him back.
But she was in the way.
Wait a minute.
You weren't trying
to poison him.
You were trying
to poison Myra.
Me?
Yes. you.
I was beside myself when I saw
him dead on the floor.
That's right.
You took his phone.
And put it in my lab.
I think that's enough detective
work for today. ladies.
You're not actually going
to shoot us.
It'll be simple to explain.
I was headed to my office when I
saw two very suspicious figures.
It was dark. I feared
for my life. and... boom.
No one will believe you.
They don't have
to believe me.
Security footage will show you
two breaking into the museum
and a very loyal security guard
on my payroll
will attest to everything
I've said.
Two days ago someone tried
to move Doctor Jennings's
stolen watch at
Cash Point Pawn.
Hmm.
That looks an awful
lot like you. huh?
[beeping]
That's a security alarm.
Yeah. And it's
Jennings's office.
I assure you. Miss Dove.
I take no pleasure
in your death.
Though I may take
a little in yours.
Lucia. please.
Put the gun down.
Turn yourself in.
Make things right.
It's too late for that.
He left Myra too!
What?
Don't you see?
You have more in common
than you think.
She's not the one you should
be angry with.
I'm not angry.
I am hurt.
And I understand that.
Why wouldn't you be?
You offered him your heart.
and that takes a lot of courage.
But Myra is not the enemy.
Clinton wasn't a good person.
Lucia.
He played everyone.
You. Myra. the museum.
Aren't you through being a fool
for Clinton Jennings?
[panting]
I've got to say. that was some
nice de-escalation.
Thanks.
Give people a chance
and they can surprise you.
Not that I'm not happy
to see you.
but why are you here?
Oh. uh. making a pickup.
The thief?
[sighs]
Aside from Miss Ricci.
George is the only other person
who knew that I was hired
to look into the stolen items.
Giving him more than enough time
to erase the security footage.
I checked in with a couple
of bookies I know.
Georgie lost his shirt
betting on baseball games.
But what about
the fired janitor?
A cover.
There was no fired janitor.
Ah.
She didn't care about
the stolen items anymore.
She wanted to get a smart
detective like you
out of her museum.
Ah.
And Derek?
Well. he took a couple boxes
of cookies
from his family's bakery.
He didn't think anybody
would notice.
He's a college kid.
They're perpetually hungry.
Look at that.
Everything tied up
in a little bow.
There is one last thing.
What's that?
Why are you here
at the museum?
You know. it's late.
I am... Pfft. I am tired.
You guys got it from here.
right?
You're not getting away
that easy.
Okay. yeah.
That's what I thought.
Bye.
[laughs]
She's your kid.
♪
It's a match.
Wow. You always do this.
Do what?
Pull a rabbit out of a hat?
I never thought we'd find
someone for Jessica.
Ye of little faith.
I had plenty of faith.
What we didn't have
was viable suitors.
Yeah.
Well. sometimes
you gotta improvise.
Wow. um. I love that book.
Really?
Do you... do you read a lot?
Yeah. Actually. I'm studying
library sciences.
Oh. my goodness.
I work at a library.
-Really?
-Yeah.
No way.
Yeah. You should
come by sometime.
Okay.
We have some
pretty good books.
Yeah.
Staff's not bad either.
Cheers.
[laughs] Aww.
[laughing]
They are so cute.
Yeah.
♪
Want to grab drinks?
Rain check.
Hello.
Hey.
You know. you take
an awful lot of risks
for somebody who doesn't carry
a badge or a gun.
[laughs]
I guess I'm lucky I have you
to back me up.
So I'm closing up
this case file
and I've got a couple loose ends
I want to run by you.
I'm always happy to help.
Okay.
Are you hungry?
Uh. yeah.
Frank & Carla's on 5th?
They have the best
Philly Cheese Steaks.
[sighs]
So good.
And great desserts.
Ah. I see what you did there.
[laughs]
-Yeah.
-It's Friday night though.
I really doubt we're going
to get in there.
Oh. please.
Who do you think introduced
Frank to Carla?
Of course you did.
Let's do it.
Okay.
How did today go?
Oh. great.
Another match.
Ooh.
Yep.
You're batting 1000.
Of course.
There we go.
Thank you.